README.md, before:

# leetcode

This repository contains my solutions to [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/) problems, solved in **JavaScript/TypeScript**.  
The goal is to practice **problem-solving, algorithms, and data structures** in preparation for technical interviews.  

---

## 📂 Repository Structure
Each solution is stored in a separate file, named by problem title.

/easy
two-sums.ts
contains-duplicate.ts
best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock.ts
valid-parentheses.ts
move-zeroes.ts
valid-palindrome.ts
valid-anagram.ts
climbing-stairs.ts
fibonacci-number.ts
binary-search.ts
search-insert-position.ts
implement-queue-using-stacks.ts

/medium
maximum-subarray.ts
two-sums-ii.ts
group-anagrams.ts
find-first-and-last-position-of-element-in-sorted-array.ts
search-in-rotated-sorted-array.ts
min-stack.ts
daily-temperatures.ts
rotting-oranges.ts

## 🛠️ How to Run
1. Clone the repository  
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/ami619847/leetcode.git

2. Install dependencies
   ```bash
   npm install

---

## 🚀 Progress Tracker

### Week 1 (Foundations)
#### Big O basics (O(1), O(n), O(n²), O(log n))
- Two Sums - https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/description/
- Contains Duplicate - https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate/description/

#### Time vs Space complexity trade-offs
- Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock - https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/
- Valid Parentheses - https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/description/

#### Arrays (sliding window, two pointers)
- Move Zeroes - https://leetcode.com/problems/move-zeroes/description/
- Maximum Subarray - https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/description/

#### Strings (reversals, palindromes)
- Valid Palindrom - https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome/description/
- valid Anagram - https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-anagram/description/

### Week 2
#### HashMaps/Sets (lookup, frequency)
- Two Sums II  - Input Array Is Sorted - https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted/description/
- Group Anagrams - https://leetcode.com/problems/group-anagrams/description/

#### Recursion basics
- Climbing Stairs - https://leetcode.com/problems/climbing-stairs/description/
- Fibonacci Number - https://leetcode.com/problems/fibonacci-number/

#### Binary Search (basics)
- Binary Search - https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-search/description/
- Search Insert Position - https://leetcode.com/problems/search-insert-position/description/

#### Binary Search (boundary problems)
- Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array - https://leetcode.com/problems/find-first-and-last-position-of-element-in-sorted-array/description/
- Search in Rotated Sorted Array - https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-rotated-sorted-array/description

### Week 3
#### Stacks (monotonic stack)
- Min Stack - https://leetcode.com/problems/min-stack/description/
- Daily Temperatures - https://leetcode.com/problems/daily-temperatures/description/

#### 
- Implement Queue Using Stacks - https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-queue-using-stacks/description/
- Rotting Oranges - https://leetcode.com/problems/rotting-oranges/description/

Commit message:

linked list solutions - fast and slow

README.md, after:

# leetcode

This repository contains my solutions to [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/) problems, solved in **JavaScript/TypeScript**.  
The goal is to practice **problem-solving, algorithms, and data structures** in preparation for technical interviews.  

---

## 📂 Repository Structure
Each solution is stored in a separate file, named by problem title.

/easy
two-sums.ts
contains-duplicate.ts
best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock.ts
valid-parentheses.ts
move-zeroes.ts
valid-palindrome.ts
valid-anagram.ts
climbing-stairs.ts
fibonacci-number.ts
binary-search.ts
search-insert-position.ts
implement-queue-using-stacks.ts
middle-of-the-linked-list.ts
linked-list-cycle.ts

/medium
maximum-subarray.ts
two-sums-ii.ts
group-anagrams.ts
find-first-and-last-position-of-element-in-sorted-array.ts
search-in-rotated-sorted-array.ts
min-stack.ts
daily-temperatures.ts
rotting-oranges.ts

## 🛠️ How to Run
1. Clone the repository  
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/ami619847/leetcode.git

2. Install dependencies
   ```bash
   npm install

---

## 🚀 Progress Tracker

### Week 1 (Foundations)
#### Big O basics (O(1), O(n), O(n²), O(log n))
- Two Sums - https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/description/
- Contains Duplicate - https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate/description/

#### Time vs Space complexity trade-offs
- Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock - https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/
- Valid Parentheses - https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/description/

#### Arrays (sliding window, two pointers)
- Move Zeroes - https://leetcode.com/problems/move-zeroes/description/
- Maximum Subarray - https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/description/

#### Strings (reversals, palindromes)
- Valid Palindrom - https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome/description/
- valid Anagram - https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-anagram/description/

### Week 2
#### HashMaps/Sets (lookup, frequency)
- Two Sums II  - Input Array Is Sorted - https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted/description/
- Group Anagrams - https://leetcode.com/problems/group-anagrams/description/

#### Recursion basics
- Climbing Stairs - https://leetcode.com/problems/climbing-stairs/description/
- Fibonacci Number - https://leetcode.com/problems/fibonacci-number/

#### Binary Search (basics)
- Binary Search - https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-search/description/
- Search Insert Position - https://leetcode.com/problems/search-insert-position/description/

#### Binary Search (boundary problems)
- Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array - https://leetcode.com/problems/find-first-and-last-position-of-element-in-sorted-array/description/
- Search in Rotated Sorted Array - https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-rotated-sorted-array/description

### Week 3
#### Stacks (monotonic stack)
- Min Stack - https://leetcode.com/problems/min-stack/description/
- Daily Temperatures - https://leetcode.com/problems/daily-temperatures/description/

#### Queues (FIFO, BFS basics)
- Implement Queue Using Stacks - https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-queue-using-stacks/description/
- Rotting Oranges - https://leetcode.com/problems/rotting-oranges/description/

#### Linked Lists (fast/slow pointers)
- Middle of the Linked List - https://leetcode.com/problems/middle-of-the-linked-list/description/
- Linked List Cycle - https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle/description/
